Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? 
Greets me and then ask what my favorite color is
Now right click on the main1.py window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 
It appears that it saved my answer into a file on my laptop
What do you think the program did with what you typed?
Stored it and saved it to that code


Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. 
color is assigned to the input function then it says it will print the color I choose
What do you think the color = input() will do? 
It will be a callback for the code to be able to print my answer back to me
Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?
Yes


Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
We are given an if else function, now making the question asked to have a correct answer
What is happening on lines 11–14? 
Saying if the answer isnt Red then it will else say not correct
Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? 
Because they are subsets of the functions of if and else
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? 
It says incorrect
What does this tell you about "color"?
It must be matching to the if and else parameters


Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main3.py. 
Allows red to not be capitalized but still be correct
What problem is this trying to solve? 
Capitilization issues
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?
It will say incorrect


Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? 
Allow red to be capitilized however
What problem is it trying to solve? 
Capitilization issues
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?
It says incorrect


Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? 
.strip() is inserted
What would you guess .strip() is doing? 
Fix spacing issues
Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?
Not that I can think of 


Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? 
It gives the user hints if given a similiar answer to the needed answer such as pink
What is the purpose of line 11? 
To erase possible capitalization mistakes and or spacing
Run the program and answer the question.
Okay


Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? 
To insert a loop
Why are lines 12–19 indented? 
Because the code is a subset of the while function
Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 
I get an indentation error
Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.



Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? 
The while function is used to repeatedly execute 
What is the purpose of “count”? 
To keep track of how many guesses happened
What is happening on line 22? 
Will tell the user how many guesses it took for them to answer the correct answer
Run the program.


*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit? 
I did not